[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So now what you're gonna do
inside the app, if you pull it down from
the branch that I pushed up, which was
>> Scott Moss: What was it?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
If you put on the list-view-solution,
which is the solution we just did,
right now we took that action to
add exercise and it is just static.
You need to switch it over to where
it actually talk to the server.
And then there's already a db.json,
just do json server db.json, and
start that port 3000.
And you need to actually create exactly
what we did it, create if you go to,
let's just go look at it, I'll show you.
>> Scott Moss: So,
if you go to ActionCreators, dang,
did I leave those in there?
>> Scott Moss: Looks like I left
them in there already for you.
But you still got to use them.
Okay, so already in there, [LAUGH] but
I'm actually using this
really cool abstraction.
That's really cool, you can check it out.
It's in services/AsyncCreators.
So I made it a generic function that will
take a starting action and in the action,
and then async function, and
it will dispatch it for you.
It'll dispatch the startAction then
it will run the async function,
then it'll get the result of the async
function, and it'd dispatch the EndAction
with the result of that async function and
also any possible errors.
So it's very generic.
So I use that inside the AsyncCreators
to just create AsyncCreator, like that.
Start action, into action,
function to run.
>> Scott Moss: But
I'm actually just gonna get rid of this.
So you can't use it.
[LAUGH] No, I'm not gonna do that.
Yeah, totally use this and what you need
to do now is actually bring this into,
if you go to CurrentWorkout.
Right now those methods right here,
addExercise, it's static.
So instead of dispatching the static at
exercise method, you need to dispatch
the async at exercise.1 which is
called addExerciseToCurrentWorkout.
So you need to dispatched that and
then you also need to go ahead and
fetch the current workout too
when the app first loads up.
Cuz right now when it first loads up,
it's not gonna do anything,
it's like there are no workouts.
So you need to fetch the current workout.
So that means you need to go back
into current workout here and
somewhere in here,
looks like it's already commented out.
You just need to fetch
the current workout.
So you need to add that action
to your map to action props.
And then somewhere like componentDidMount,
you want to call that action
to fetch all the workouts.
>> Scott Moss: So convert the addExercise
to use the async version and
then refresh the current workouts when
current workout component loads up.